this is a quill pen some people ask me
if there is a ballpoint nib or metal nib
on it the answer is no the coil here the
the turkey feather is not for decoration
it's actually the material my pen is
made of I use the quill itself to
construct a pen and I use it for writing
you can use it for you can use it to
write some calligraphy it's a fantastic
tool for writing calligraphy I'll just
write something very quickly please
don't judge me
Kali give the quality of my calligraphy
I just wanted to demonstrate that you K
what you can do with the quill pen right
so you can write in Arabic as well
something like that you can write in
Hebrew
you
if you are an artist you can use quilt
for drawing you can you can draw
vertical thick lines can draw horizontal
lines can draw vertical thin lines you
can draw curves and so on and so forth
now so this is the quill
good luck to your friends